[Music]
on this Hallowed Ground at Bellow wood
we are surrounded by the solemn reminder
of the price of Peace a price paid more
than 100 Years Ago by Marines answering
our call to duty to Country and to
[Music]
court on this very ground we fought
battles both together and against one
another in the face of insur aable odds
our brave Sons fathers uncles and
brothers as well as our sisters aunts
and mothers laid down their lives to
protect not only our homeland but the
very idea of
freedom they now rest here and we pay
omage to their Valor
[Music]
today our alliance is strong as strong
as it has ever been but threats to
democracy and freedom
remain we enjoy relative peace here
today paid for in part by the more than
6,000 Americans buried
here but no peace is permanent democracy
is imperfect
freedom is
fragile we are all well aware of the
troubles in the East may we not grow
lazy or complacent and take our peace
for
granted instead let us face our precious
future head long Embrace a tomorrow that
our fallen will never see with a sense
of courage and commitment worthy of
their
sacrifice Viva laf France God Bless
America and SE Fidelis